feat(Compare): Add compare layout (#399)
patternfly/chatbot: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/chatbot/examples/demos/Chatbot.md

```js file="./EmbeddedChatbot.tsx" isFullscreen

```

### Comparing ChatBots

> You may want to compare output from different chatbots based on the same prompt. The following demo is a [pattern](https://www.patternfly.org/patterns/about-patterns/) that could be followed to build a comparison view using the PatternFly ChatBot extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To let users compare how different ChatBots respond to the same prompt, you can add multiple ChatBots within the same window. The following demo illustrates a comparison view pattern that allows users to toggle between different conversations in a single ChatBot window.
```
Just a little rephrasing. If we start to build out chatbot patterns as much as our main pf patterns, then maybe we could think about doing something like adding a separate patterns section within the chatbot docs 🤔 longer term

> To let users compare how different ChatBots respond to the same prompt, you can add multiple ChatBots within the same window. The following demo illustrates a comparison view pattern that allows users to toggle between different conversations in a single ChatBot window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To let users compare how different ChatBots respond to the same prompt, you can add multiple ChatBots within the same window. This demo illustrates a comparison view pattern that allows users to toggle between different conversations in a single ChatBot window.
```
small thing I noticed - the other demos use "this demo" rather than "the following demo", so I'm being picky to match lol

Author: All set! 💃
